# Core reflections

*Focus, Neuroplacity, my own traits and bad habbits to hit head on and ideas on how to succeed*
 
 ## Focus Reflection

### *I find it difficult to tune out distractions*

    This is something I find more difficult than I used to! I used to have what i feel is more focus more drive and more determination. Thes all helped me achieve litterally what ever I want to get done! If Im not in the right mood its useless I look for distractions. Its people or kids that break my concentration easliy. Music however does not. Night time when i am not worried that ill be interupted. Its when I work best and im very nocturnal by nature. If i procrastinate or get distracted and inevitably run out of time. or come across some 'justifiable' job. If I manage to make a clear mental decision of commitmnent to any task, this being back before kids. There was nothing that could overtake my will. Now If I make that same mental decision or commitment it means less. I often have so little focus on one or two main tasks. This because i have so many things on the go. With all the aspects of my life half done, i have become satisfied with mediocre standards. I have been self employed a long time and been able to raise and spend alot of time with my children growing up. I have now gained a few un focused years and I dont feel like i have achieved any explict goals. Since being a single mother I have had even more stresses and obligations to fill not to mention the failing fears that at times take over my ability to do normal adult and life duties. Procrastination is my worst enemy during a hard or crap time and it compounds my promblems yet its when I do it the most.

## Mental Restructure and Reflection Stratagies

    Im all ready feeling a change Im already aware of the requirments of this course. I found when I was doing foundations last year although not successful in the course. I was introduced to a way of working and thinking methodically that had to happen in order to get through this challenge. It was hard to retrain myself but it felt good and familiar. Took me back to when the time when I had no kids and none of these crippling mother obligations, no exsessive rent, bills, drama. No other ADULT FUNCTIONALITY demands. I have now reached a point where i want to not go back but become something else and i have got the support of my family and friends to make this work out. My children are stoked that i am re-enrolled and back at school even though they will hardly see me. I told them ill be stressed at times and grumpy. They truly can give me all the motivaqtion needed just knowing they want for me to succeed as i want for them! Im not worried but excited yet daunted by the fact I may find a better balance in life. I want more direction and focus and I want to be a coder a developer a designer and a role modle. Im seeing my life alreaddy becoming more organised and I have managed to get it together before we start. I need to focus on mental perception of tasks and practice the daily mantra of how to see my day ahead. I am going to achieve! I have my space sorted and rules of my space. In my head I have my time awarness and discused with those I live with my obligations to school and myself. I have a study routine that works 95% of the time there is always a day that nothing will go right. I cant wait to feel my will power return which can only happen by proving myself to myself.

## MY LIFE HAS BEEN NEUROPLACITY I JUST DIDNT KNOW THAT WORD

    Neuorplacity is someting I understand without even the need to think! As a hairdresser of 17+ years its with out a doubt connections and practical and mental combos that i practice everyday! Its how I remember my initial tech theory in such detail even now after 17 years has passed. On the other hand I cant remember an email i read yesterday. I learnt with my hands my eyes my brain and my experience, as I did this my ability to read and retain details to do with complex chemical actions for example was amplified. The Theory satisfied my need for fact and reason and this cemented skills and knowledge in me purley because I could connect to the written aspects so logically and easily because I had them down practically. In general I have never read the paper. It has always annoyed me being so big and akward and rustly. I hear all the news through clients and friends I would not bother unless a particular topic of intrest was mentioned. I watched one link and semi skimmed the others I just know you can achieve so much with mental commitment. Add physical and add a personal desire or intrest to your mental drive you can not fail!

## Coding and computers
    
    Although, they scream THEORY UNI STUDY. Reading and typing screen after screen its still always been an intrest and Tech and evolution have kept me just in the know enough to keep that spark of intrige and flame for knoledge burning. I can see its not quite the theory hike I didnt want to embark on I can now see the joint practical and theory venture. Now I have discovered how to structure my aproach I see it as so much more as a creation of what ever I want! Its endles its social its flexible its alot of work or its a satisfaction job once ur skills are able to earn a wage and support a future for a mother and kids! I have options and I am really really excited to feel my brain coming to life.

## Moments and energy bursts Acting and learning in the NOW!

    Sporadic decisions and compulsive acvivities have always worked for me I live in the now im resoursful and I am a problem solver weirdly so! I am able to manage and direct a team or a mission or just organise the functionality and time managment of an under staffed excessivly busy day in the salon with ease. Yet I cant do ME or MINE. I strugle to routine myself but staying calm in a crisis and taking control of decisions in others best intrest makes this learning aspect work for me! I put ino play whats needed to be done. Some might need the intruction manual to get people out in a fire drill if you can see my point. Im in the moment and logic kicks in to sort it out. I would have visualised it as I was instructed at an earlier date others would remember the words they read or herd with out actioning it mentally this to me is the difference in peoples learning and social interaction ability! This is relative to just in time learning! I often need the basic instruction and Im away laughing! Maybe its just the terminiology i dont understand? Once its explained and I can relate it it clicks forever. If I get something done it worked! Ill figure out how or why along the way no doubt!

    One thing I know I have to really improve is my touch typing. I think my speed is ok if i dont need to read as i type but thats impossible so Ill learn to touch type as quoick as i can!


    I am going to send these reflections along with attched scren shots as evidence to github this  should cover the prep ciriculum. 

